now i think this is a fix
will look at up to 5 0
if you count like 53 year old
anniversary
with them goes
but it is only a lazy case
Enough enjoy the transfer count let's
make the phone look at it
it's made of plastic for screen 354 on
screen resolution by the way
quite good for this size 320 by 480
there are four touch buttons here
thank god anyway there are buttons that
the result is always happy when they
are present
percentage let's look at the top
such a shiny plastic socket
headphone button
everything is clear side adjustment
volume and a button for the camera on the copper
take off
this is also a very good plus price of 2 5
thousands of surfaces wings beating
ensign
Well, behind us is waiting for the five-megapixel
the camera is there neatly here i am
in money
here is such a aviakorpusa came out
against 0 3 by the way 700 megahertz
processors if there is this module
that in general the fact that many will please but
let's turn on Lyon
and we have
it costs an android with barely barely anyway
all interface sata phone russia
changed in my opinion it is divided
in two parts that neither is very beautiful
another but not so beautiful change
as a beauty
with more of it left from hunger and
Toronto
android this policy can be
short on the page is to transfer the composition
pretty
although it is not always necessary to say it is convenient
there is
Exodus Zhebriv deals what happened
It does not always work
she quickly lock screen a
Here is the main screen for
an account yes in general, do not get sick some see
always hanging here
and in every way his tanya
there is here but
some interesting things for example if
my
move this way
then we see
and here such as in the media rf media section
in which there is
pictures have music
and there is a leonid adding us here
she is not
Vobschem such a small scout
than enough
interesting nicely done already
you can live our pace at our place
open position which
is responsible
proper percentage is this file in which on
which she is the hall if you bailiffs another
side here we will be a list of running or
I will not give running applications
leading akiva cute
followers
which is generally the same saturated
Makarov pace today
may be helpful to use
and if we ask here and so department down then
we will have a full list of applications and
here it is already divided by pages and you can
you can edit it
drag all programs to change
places you can drive
programs here laptop dock main
which will be silver
general project is quite convenient
Well, where is hot notify widgets and
you say, and for this there are special
button
so with the button she opens us here in
Generally normal android
in the registration process throughout
country
on which we can add a movie here
you can only talk budgets
references to citizens can not speak
in society own in
interface adding here
list of all kinds there are several
standard weather treats in the cockpit
music
by the way interesting by the way too
to budget
and here, too, there is an ivy button with
You can also add it using it.
moved all the same pages on them
located budgets
in general, attacks implemented from above
pressure panel she's different too
just do not pull
like this in all other androids
documents we will sort so low
you just need to click on it
if it consists of several sections
what topics
and you are here in the morning in one section themselves
here's the dam's notice here are the various
switch settings and status
You can turn on turn off Wi-Fi 2300
ha
and another section with a clock in which we
we can watch the date and manage it
alarm clock
here you can
such a thing
It is in short what 10 percent is
there is
in some modified what to buy if
press the home button then
raise selling prices
main screen
and if for his attempt home is only lifting
faucet flowery
here on this
ohh mkh well what's inside here
preinstalled
quite a lot of application
steppe applications
For example, for example, a display like
installed programs adobe stubbom possible when
help not edited
and view
office documents
the percentage is also in canada ready
navigator
the percentage which is called
but also retail it is installed
also in general
good surprise for car enthusiasts
questions because conveniently brilliant
along with a big screen pole
car on which but
in general, he is here
also from programs that are already here
there is worth noting
here is such a substance which is not called
could alas not
so universal to me the programs themselves
to manage various rallies
does not sing ethics
she has a section with an image here
a minute as beautiful as Yeltsin here
picture 4
but you can also look at the folders
various images
still other sections such here
nice to eat
percentage is it feel shock
friday
with different emotions
in eastern health duma
and there is a section with music
here in general the usual plastic
artist album and all that
married originally made I undressed
video can also be watched
timoshkin if some small role
generally there
On this
probably will be presented perfectly
it turns out
Kaas these application standards android glasses
it looks quite simple here
but for example Samara
by phone by the way
modified a little bit externally and
he looks like a real painter in what their russia
the science
but like the little letters and counting the numbers by
according to
equally and successfully works
this profession
standard sections inevitably general
nothing tons modified
this phone
and the keyboard here is standard too
several opinion UAH try
what will write
that's that but look like this
here is the percentage
as you can see which buttons
but also because the brand is its exhibition
quality
as we know the most beautiful
but if everything is written in such
can switch language
can be customized therefore
east interesting so here is the solution
Spartak Nalchik
wide phone man
yes in general
sufficiently second
the percentage is quite light compact
than and still almost outwardly
ordinary citizens
similar investors
from camera cairo 5 megapixels
third series of adventures
her
his family today is Presnensky Valery
sinyuts special site